---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---
This week I completed the last review of the IRB documents and turned them in to the review board. I also finished the pre-registration after an iteration, got caught up on the paper summaries in our article’s related work section, and selected the datasets that we will be using for the experiment. In order to begin work on the experiment platform, I set up a meeting with one of the other students in the lab to discuss a codebase that they had created for another experiment previously. I got good insights, and plan on using that codebase as a starting point for building this study's platform.

I realized that the way that we may be analyzing our creativity surveys may need to be altered as the Nemeth and Kwan protocol that we were planning on using does not have all the associations that we presented in our surveys.

The papers that I read this week were Creativity Support Tools: Accelerating Discovery and Innovation by Ben Shneiderman and Visual Reasoning Strategies for Effect Size Judgments and Decisions by Alex Kale, Matthew Kay, and Jessica Hullman.

Next week, I plan on finishing the final touches on the experiment protocol to send out to visualization experts, and iterating our experiment protocol before they are able to be sent out to psychology experts. I plan on writing more in our overleaf article in the analysis, motivation, and introduction sections. I will continue to do literature searches to find articles that are relevant to my experiments. I also plan on starting the development of the experiment platform that we will be using for the study.
